Once we are able to run Nessus, we will go to `Policies`. We will `Create New Policy` Since we are in the free version we will not be able to use all. We will use the `Advanced Scan`. We will just give it a name, and then go to `Discovery` Under Discovery, we will go under `Ping Methods` to Destination Ports and type in `0-65535`. This will include all the ports that are out there. Under `Port Scanning` we will put the port range as `0-65535`. We also want to scan for TCP ports, so under Network Port Scanners we click on `TCP`. 

We are about to scan our `Metasploitable` machine, which is the `Windows Server 08`, so we will click on credentials and under `Authentication Method` use `Password` and we will type in `vagrant` and `vagrant` which is our credentials for the Windows Server we have in the same network. This is a type of a Credential Scan, this is like looking for vulnerabilities inside your system, a network that you have the credential for. 

Now that our policy has been saved, we will go back to the terminal. We will de doing our advanced scan from the MSFConsole. Open the terminal and run `MSFConsole`. It is always wise to do a new scan in a new workspace. Create a new workspace `workspace -a nessus`. From `msf6` we will type in `load nessus`. This is a 3rd party plugin, if we need help with this we will just type in `nessus_help`. We will connect the msf6 with nessus, we type in `nessus_connect kali:toor@localhost:8834` (kali is our username and toor is our password which is connecting to @localhost:8834) this is where our nessus is running on from our browser. If the credentials are right, it should be connecting successfully. 

We want to see the policy that we have created, so we type in `nessus_policy_list`, we will see our policy `metasploitable` that we just created. In order to run the scan, we will type in `nessus_scan_new (policy UUID) "Metasploitable" "no description" 10.0.2.8` (The ip address is the one of our Windows server and metasploitable is the name) 
