Once you download the OWasp virtual machine and download it, all of the labd moving forward with web app testing is using this application. If you type in the IP address which in our case is (10.0.2.10) then you get the application on the browser in Kali Linux. This is a web server which we can use in order to test the OWASP Top 10 to check for vulnerabilities. 

First thing we need to do is download FoxyProxy and add it as an extension in Firefox. `Foxy Proxy` is a browser extension that offers powerful proxy configuration functionality. It simplifies configuring proxies and also provides features such as auto-switching, online rule lists, event handling and more. With its Advanced features, foxyproxy allows using proxies with greater flexibility which means that in addition to the better-known benefits offered by proxies alone, such as IP masking or bypassing geo-restrictions, foxy proxy lets users create rules and patterns that automatically switch proxies based on URL type. 

Once you download this, you will see a small fox on the extension tab and if you click `Options` it will take you to a page where you click `Add`. For the title we can use anything. On the Proxy type, we will type in `127.0.0.1` `Localhost is the default name of the computer you are working on, 127.0.0.1 is the IP address of the local computer. This IP address allows the machine to connect to and communicate with itself.` The port we will be using will be `8080` Port 8080 is usually used for web servers. 

After we are done setting this up, we will open `Burpsuite` in Kali. Once we are inside burp we click on `Proxy`, after this we will go back to our browser and turn foxy proxy `ON`.  Go back to Burpsuite and click `Intercept is on` button, (it is weird, it will say Intercept is off when actually it is on). We go back to our browser and type in `http://burpsuite`. From here we will need to add the certificate. We will save the file and add that certificate on Firefox Options -> Privacy and Security -> Certificates. The certificate we need will be issued by `PortSwigger`. We click on that one and click `Edit Trust`. It should be clicked on `This certificate can identify websites.` It will let us capture encrypted traffic. 

We will turn `Foxyproxy` off and go back to Burpsuite and turn Intercept on. 
